{\rtf1\ansi\deff0\fs22
\b [EM] Consolidation - Improve Multi-Tier Engagement Hierarchy navigation and Setup (Epic 4237546)\b0\par
\par
\b 1. Customer Problem\b0\par
Firms with complex org structures need to configure and navigate multi-tier (2–5+ levels) engagement hierarchies efficiently. Today, setup and navigation are manual and error‑prone, slowing onboarding and increasing risk of mis-linked children.\par
\par
\b 2. Customer Research\b0\par
Derived from epic description and field feedback during consolidation discovery. Repeated asks for faster multi-tier setup and one-click access across parent/child levels to reduce context switching.\par
\par
\b 3. Our Solution\b0\par
Provide multi-tier hierarchy configuration in Engagement Setup and a seamless navigation model:\par
- Create/edit multi-level parent→child relationships in a single screen.\par
- Visual tree with search, expand/collapse, and direct access to any node.\par
- Safeguards for circular links, visibility into inheritance of settings.\par
Out of scope: changes to consolidation math engine (handled elsewhere).\par
Dependencies: EM web components, core BE hierarchy APIs.\par
\par
\b 4. Product Metrics\b0\par
- Time to configure a 10-child, 3-tier consolidation: baseline vs target -50%.\par
- Navigation actions per review session: -30%.\par
- Setup error rate (mis-linked child): <1%.\par
\par
\b Appendix: Child Features\b0\par
- 4237550 Comprehensive Hierarchy Navigation and Direct Access\par
- 4381620 Multi-Tier Hierarchy Configuration in Engagement Setup\par
- 4485253 Multi-Level Consolidation Change Detection and Staged Reconsolidation\par
\par
\b Appendix: Quick prototype\b0\par
See PDF "Proposed enhancements for Anchin.pdf" for consolidation hierarchy context.\par
\par
\b Appendix: Links\b0\par
\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://dev.azure.com/tr-tax/TaxProf/_workitems/edit/4237546"}{\fldrslt Open Epic 4237546}\par
}