{\rtf1\ansi\deff0
\b Product Roadmap Item Title\b0\par
EM Consolidation: Improve Multi-Tier Engagement Hierarchy navigation and setup\par
\par
\b 1. Customer Problem\b0\par
Teams struggle to model complex corporate structures with multiple tiers. Creating and navigating many child engagements is slow, error-prone, and hard to understand for new staff. Switching between children to verify data or complete tasks increases cycle time and context switching.\par
\par
\b 2. Customer Research (paraphrased)\b0\par
Interviews with Anchin and Grant Thornton highlight steep learning curves versus legacy tools. Separate binders per subsidiary makes the process feel fragmented. Users want to see and act across tiers without losing their place. Roadmap artifacts and existing ADO descriptions call for streamlined setup, clear parent14child navigation, and support for deeper tiering.\par
\par
\b 3. Our Solution\b0\par
- Simplify multi-tier setup and navigation in one place.\par
- Clear visual hierarchy, quick child switching, and breadcrumbs.\par
- Allow deep tiers (target 5+, ideally unbounded with practical limits).\par
- Reuse/copy of properties and grouping where appropriate; safe defaults.\par
Out of scope: Redesign of trial balance itself or cross-engagement co-authoring.\par
Dependencies: Child setup improvements, JE from parent, reports per child.\par
\par
\b 4. Product Metrics\b0\par
- Reduce time to create a 4-child, 2-tier structure by 40%.\par
- Reduce navigation clicks to switch child by 50%.\par
- Increase multi-tier adoption by 25% within 60 days of release.\par
- Decrease setup-related support tickets by 30%.\par
\par
\b Appendix: Additional Links\b0\par
- ADO Epic 4237546\par
- Related: 4233330, 4206592, 4233327, 4233310, 4379363\par
- Likely repos: tr/aafm-audit-em-web-components-fe, tr/aafm-audit-cs-gateway-be, tr/aafm-audit-ait-core-be\par
}
